feat: add lua wireshark for pulsar (#13564)
apache/pulsar: wireshark/README.md

# how to use 

## prepare PulsarApi.proto file
you need to put PulsarApi.proto to a separate path, open your wireshark,go to 
Edit->Preferences->Protocols->ProtoBuf->Protobuf search paths，add the path of PulsarApi.proto

## add pulsar.lua to plugins

> open wireshark, go to 'About Wireshark', click  'Folders', then click 'Personal Lua Plugins'
> go to the plugin path, add put pulsar.lua to this path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Wireshark.

2. Go to **About Wireshark > Folders > Personal Lua Plugins > Plugin Path**.

3. Add pulsar.lua to this path.
```

do you mean this?

> ## start to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: start to use
```

> this plugin will register a pulsar protocol automatically in 6650, you can use it to decode pulsar message now.

Reviewer: @Demogorgon314 can you review the doc from the tech perspective? Thanks

> this plugin will register a pulsar protocol automatically in 6650, you can use it to decode pulsar message now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin registers a Pulsar protocol automatically in 6650. You can use it to decode Pulsar messages now.
```
English syntax details: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp
